<object data="" type="application/pdf" width="700px" height="700px">
    <embed src="">
        <p>This browser does not support PDFs. Please download the PDF to view it: <a href="">Download PDF</a>.</p>
    </embed>
</object>

# Notes

Date: February 15 2025 Time: 8PM UTC

## == Summary and decisions ==
Project team meeting was prepping powerpoint shown in meeting. 

* Kudos to Wh4l3 for creating the mimic chest!
* Shoutout to andydirk88 for creating powerpoint.
* Shoutout to maloki, jj, and others for setting up wizard with gun community event. 

Time for people to shoutout others:
Shoutouts in chat to Patrigan, spinny donkey creation, Barry Allen, he/she/them who says whoosh, WarrenGore, Grimm.

## == Summary of this week == 
* Discord reorganization - Categories split, project info contains generic info and links, project announcements is just for project wide announcements. Trying to limit usage of @ everyone to limit pings/mention fatigue. Keep an eye on these channels for update because they will not all have pings. 
* Workflow - Forum posts are used for brainstorming/ideas -> Polls are created for community feedback and run by PMs (coordinators can run role specific polls in relevant channels) -> implementation (implementers TBD in “Big Meetings”)
* PM/Coordinator channel created for discussion between PM team and coordinators. 
* Draft CoC created
* Art assets and requests forum created (Read pinned post with guidelines) ⁠Wold's Vaults⁠Links and Resources 
* mdBook setup - will be home for documentation in the future, please use this instead of other sources of external documentation for this project. 

## == MVP Updates == 
* Rune Anvil/ Socket - we have made some progress on this and there is ongoing discussion on modifiers and values. 
* Rift Generation - we have some processors being developed as well as dimensions and builds. 
* Join/Death snapshot system - snapshots inventory to help with revive system and other systems
* Abilities - getting foundation of ability system implemented

## == Upcoming Milestones ==
Documentation - Need to agree on documentation, move ideas/decisions to mdBook for better discussions. 

## == Coordinator Updates ==

* Dev Team (Patrigan)
  * No big updates from dev, main topic is small excel file was made for people to fill out who are interested in doing dev work. ⁠Wold's Vaults⁠Dev Team Members Also working on getting a better system to have more devs able to work on things. 
* Build Team (jjo240)
  * Poll on build length , build world being updated to superflat wait on new builds till world is converted. Builds using processor blocks.
* Art Team (ZXMBIE)
  * Coords are working on mood board for style and direction, working with other coords to determine what workflow will be best. Also assets and requests form.
* Lore Team (Dread)
  * Lore will build on mechanics as they are developed. Some discussion on bounty and quest system having some lore behind it. Working on integration of sages. 
* Community Team (Barry Allen)
  * Working on CoC, AI discussion, what is CoC, difference between CoC and community guidelines. 

## == Upcoming Items ==
Poll for CoC with 3 options - 1. Yes I approve of version 1 (can still change but we move forward with this), 2. No, I dont like it but I will agree to it, and 3. I wont be able to participate with this version of the CoC.

## == Q&A Time ==
Name Poll - React to names in name list so we can determine the top 10 for a poll. 


## == Next meeting ==

Next week, Saturday, February 22, 2025 at 8:00 PM UTC

## == Give us feedback ==
Please let the project managers know how this meeting went and give us some feedback.
https://forms.gle/VhzLPqU2oA71C19w8
