Big Meeting 5/24

Barry Allen  
Jjo240  
Cjzech  
Attackeight  
jjo240  
Wout  
andydirk  
WarrenGore  
jyu  
rachaelrose1212  
ybhappy  
Sp3cialK  
Bullzey1401  
MooMarMouse  
rizek  
Kiara  
ImplementsLegends  
Melancholic Adventurer  
a1qs  
MukiTanuki  
RiftedArt  
Donoraffe  
Wh4I3  
Danymaddox  
Galactic\_15  
Hollow

* Kudos  
  * Cjzech \- kudos to lore team for picking things up and getting the lore put together  
  * RiftedArt \- kudos to Kumara for the work on art scheme/pallete/theme  
    * [https://discord.com/channels/1328761294085554176/1375228037771034656](https://discord.com/channels/1328761294085554176/1375228037771034656)   
  * Sp3cialK \- kudos to lore team for the participation  
  * jyu \- kudos to PMs for many things this week, including delicate situations.  
  * jyu \- kudos to Cjzech on leadership in lore meetings  
  * jyu \- kudos to everyone who helped with technical issues they had this week  
  * Wout \- kudos to dev team for stepping in to help with technical difficulties  
* Pack Dev Coordinator \- CyberDay currently looking to pass the vote threshold, will likely be the new coordinator  
  * Poll here\! [https://discord.com/channels/1328761294085554176/1347951965245542521/1375235946676490322](https://discord.com/channels/1328761294085554176/1347951965245542521/1375235946676490322)   
* Release 0.1.3 Testing  
  * Feedback positive\!  
  * Make sure to fill out feedback forms and post in forum posts\! (forms can be found on post links below)  
    * Runegem feedback: [https://discord.com/channels/1328761294085554176/1371166325392539698](https://discord.com/channels/1328761294085554176/1371166325392539698)   
    * Rift key feedback: [https://discord.com/channels/1328761294085554176/1371169257194520687](https://discord.com/channels/1328761294085554176/1371169257194520687)   
    * Rift structure and theme feedback: [https://discord.com/channels/1328761294085554176/1371171202948792360](https://discord.com/channels/1328761294085554176/1371171202948792360)   
    * Rift objective feedback: [https://discord.com/channels/1328761294085554176/1371172196826743018](https://discord.com/channels/1328761294085554176/1371172196826743018)   
    * Abilities and ability items feedback: [https://discord.com/channels/1328761294085554176/1371167745412042843](https://discord.com/channels/1328761294085554176/1371167745412042843)   
  * Check out the modpack put together by CyberDay and the community server  
    * CyberDay’s community server: [https://discord.com/channels/1328761294085554176/1373386542524928111](https://discord.com/channels/1328761294085554176/1373386542524928111)   
    * Post with downloads, including 0.1.3 Pack Expanded [https://discord.com/channels/1328761294085554176/1335632879773941760/1370877429710848170](https://discord.com/channels/1328761294085554176/1335632879773941760/1370877429710848170)   
* What’s next?  
  * Guilds  
    * Three main guilds  
      * To be expanded in lore section below  
  * Gear  
    * Expand beyond vanilla options  
    * New weapon/offhand types  
    * (links further down in notes)  
  * Expand existing systems  
    * New objectives  
      * Maybe activating totems, etc. More than just mob killing\!  
      * [https://discord.com/channels/1328761294085554176/1375922167027597322](https://discord.com/channels/1328761294085554176/1375922167027597322)   
    * New abilities  
      * Check out the abilities forum post\!  
      * [https://discord.com/channels/1328761294085554176/1373065058531410011](https://discord.com/channels/1328761294085554176/1373065058531410011)   
    * New themes  
      * Use the build review forum and the theme tag to post new ideas and any you’ve already created [https://discord.com/channels/1328761294085554176/1369050444353241199](https://discord.com/channels/1328761294085554176/1369050444353241199)   
    * Socket and Runegem additions  
      * More sockets  
      * More ways to upgrade  
      * New modifiers  
* Brainstorming updates  
  * What will be focused on next?  
    * Abilities forum [https://discord.com/channels/1328761294085554176/1373065058531410011](https://discord.com/channels/1328761294085554176/1373065058531410011)   
    * Gear implicit ideas  
      * Expand beyond current implicits, what could implicits be for types of gear?  
      * [https://discord.com/channels/1328761294085554176/1375921844166590494](https://discord.com/channels/1328761294085554176/1375921844166590494)   
    * Base weapons  
      * What other weapon/offhand ideas do we want to have?  
      * [https://discord.com/channels/1328761294085554176/1375921524011433984](https://discord.com/channels/1328761294085554176/1375921524011433984)   
    * Possible modifiers for runegems  
      * Socket/modifier changes/additions  
      * [https://discord.com/channels/1328761294085554176/1375922651398148126](https://discord.com/channels/1328761294085554176/1375922651398148126)   
* Lore Update  
  * Workshops Wednesday and Sunday  
    * Everyone is welcome \- come and join\!  
    * Using forum posts to come up with ideas to discuss  
      * Even if you cannot write up a full idea, join to help us bounce ideas around to help in the process\!  
    * Sunday: [https://discord.com/events/1328761294085554176/1372370223159574589](https://discord.com/events/1328761294085554176/1372370223159574589)   
    * Midweek: [https://discord.com/events/1328761294085554176/1375915948569268234](https://discord.com/events/1328761294085554176/1375915948569268234)   
  * Guilds \- Greebles  
    * First guild, work towards tutorial and focus on rune gems  
      * Act 0 \- Tutorial  
        * Greeble introduce you to quest system, rune gems, and rift generation  
      * Act 1 \- The Guilds (WIP)  
  * Next workshop is to discuss two other guilds to round out a guild foundation to build upon  
    * [https://discord.com/channels/1328761294085554176/1375330452809711648](https://discord.com/channels/1328761294085554176/1375330452809711648)   
    * Ideas are not set in stone, we expect to be expanding guilds in the future  
* Build update  
  * Build event Monday  
    * Theme focus and chaos rooms  
    * Reintroduce Bullzey1401’s theme building tool  
    * Accessible and easy for everyone  
      * Come through and build, or join the fun in voice chat\!  
    * [https://discord.com/events/1328761294085554176/1374438712775282838](https://discord.com/events/1328761294085554176/1374438712775282838)   
* Q\&A  
  * Barry Allen/Cjzech \- acknowledge WarrenGore’s post in project-forum  
    * [https://discord.com/channels/1328761294085554176/1375876411088310512](https://discord.com/channels/1328761294085554176/1375876411088310512)   
    * Did not have time to discuss and provide feedback at this time, will discuss later after there has been more time to review  
  * Rachelrose1212 \- is it possible to move WotR building blocks to first page of creative menu?  
    * Tab is there, just second page  
    * Might need to discuss with devs/CyberDay  
    * It is possible, but currently seems to be based on mod ID (which starts with W for WotR). Could be changed  
  * Danymaddox \- kudos to a1qs for the awesome tooltips  
  * Wout \- kudos to WarrenGore for notetaking
