* Clear Commit Messages
* Consistent and clean Package structure
* 1.21.4 branch being made
* Tool discussion thread
* Theming thread
* Rift / Dimension generation being done by Harley
* Poll to be made in #general for then 11x11 or the 15x15

* Enchantments to be yeeted
  * A1qs volunteered to remove them

* Do we need to separate forums?
* Forums for outside discussion

* Subreddit: https://www.reddit.com/r/WanderersoftheRift/

* Name needed to really settle on the correct subreddit
  * Thread for name brainvomit
  * Poll for 1 week to decide

* Notetakers for the future
  * Collaborative note taking

* Discord reorganization thread incoming

* Rift Crystal generation
* Multiblock altar?

* Weekly meetings in the beginning, lowered frequency further in the project

* andykirk88 also asked about a request board for art coordinatiors, where requests can be posted
* Announcements / poll channel should be done for better organization (can be discussed in ‚Å†Discord Reorganization)
* Ideas for reorganization and for naming will be in forum posts kept up for around a week, after that polls to gauge consensus (polls to be up for a week)
