<object data="../other-files/meeting-notes/Wanderers Weekly Update March 22.pdf" type="application/pdf" width="700px" height="700px">
    <embed src="../other-files/meeting-notes/Wanderers Weekly Update March 22.pdf">
        <p>This browser does not support PDFs. Please download the PDF to view it: <a href="../other-files/meeting-notes/Wanderers Weekly Update March 22.pdf">Download PDF</a>.</p>
    </embed>
</object>

# Notes

## == Kudos and Recognition ==
- Kudos to the whole dev team for stepping up this week.
- Maloki for her assistance
- The build team did an amazing job with the PoIs.
- New contributors: Special K, Bullzey, xDorox, Galacitic, Quipz , and Rishtik.
- Kudos to the docs team for documenting stuff, starting with future gameplay ideas.

## == Docs Team ==
Join the docs team if interested in summarizing things and taking control of the mdbook.
https://discord.com/channels/1328761294085554176/1351952772261482566
The docs team will be responsible for:
- Making summaries of stuff.
- Maintaining the mdbook or wiki.
- Assisting the coordinators with summarizing conversations and topics.

## == Pitch to Feature ==
The future gameplay ideas has several issues.
- Messy duplicate threads.
- No summaries.
- Topics that stay in future gameplay ideas forever.

### Pitch forum 
- Will be only visible to contributors of the project - shift from the future gameplay ideas.
- This will be the first entry point to new content.
- The pitch will be high level.
- The pitch will pass with the coordinators first.
- It's also going to be closer to the MVP, each pitch should be implementable within one version. 
- There will be no pitches for adding other mods right now.
- The pitch forum will end with an acceptance poll that requires 2/3 (66%) majority.

### Feature Forum
- The feature forum will be on the same level as the project forum.
- Topics go in once they pass the acceptance poll and most importantly when a dev is available to start working on it.
- The feature forum will have the in depth discussion.
- The Docs team will be monitoring that closely to make sure it stays summarized as much as possible.
- The feature should stay close to the pitch.
- Small changes are possible.

### Considerations
- Should not consider the level of effort.
- Must be doable within one major version increment (e.g., update 16 to update 17 of Vault Hunters).

### Feature Poll:
- Consists of options like "accepted," "accepted, but needs adjustments," and "not accepted back to the drawing board."
- The final step to decide if something is part of the mod.
- Doesn't mean it's permanent; changes/reworks can be pitched.

### Contributor idea Forum:
- For ideas and small expansions that don't impact the mods too much.
- Wider design conversations (e.g., timers).
- Tags will indicate the type of conversation.
- Design conversations won't necessarily lead to implementation.

### Example:
Riftmapper
- Cases like the rift mapper should fall under the pitch.
- If a pitch is obvious, they will do the acceptance poll.
- "With the things like the big ones, pitch to feature will be the way to go."
Goal: To have a nice process flow from start to finish.


### Reasoning behind Pitch to feature workflow: 
- Currently there are many open threads on new features without any sight on when this will be implemented
- This should allow for a more streamline indication of what is being worked on and what isn't 
- Pitches and features will be closely monitored to avoid duplicates
- Problem: Expectations were set, but nothing came to a conclusion.

### Other notes:
- In the case of Lore ID will become a pitch, including how to make it come forward.
- Feature Gameplay ideas: Will be locked for a certain amount of time to ensure clarity.
- Will not be a core part of the flow but may be used for public debate.
- Contributor ID forum will also be used.

Hot Topics
- Baby Ghost (Ghastling): Introduced at Minecraft Live.
- Rift Stability and Timers: very interesting conversation on this.
- A decision on values was made before consulting the team, see later points for more info.

## == MVP Updates == 
Enchanting Poll:
- Closed with 30 votes. 58% voted to remove enchanting completely.
- Enchantments will be incorporated into other topics like modifiers and player levels.
- People can return enchantments if they have a valid reason.

### MVP Assembly
- All individual pieces are done and moved into main, the main branch.
- The most important part is linking everything together.
- The goal is to finalize the ability branch with simple heal fireball abilities to be added to the MVP.
- Generally no new content should be added at this point. 

### Build coordinators provided an update.
- More rooms and points of interest (POIs) have been added.
- There are at least 30 process-type POIs.
- New guidelines for saving templates have been implemented to track progress and contributors.
- There are new building guidelines available as well. 

### Review and Upcoming Events
- A reviewing process is set place to check and finalise the builds.
- Rooms and PoI generation is being worked on to test out Room/PoI templates with a theme.
- A chaos build event is scheduled for Monday to build chaos rooms
- Wall Pois are up for a vote to decide on the placement of wall POIs (in the wall, outside,or midway).

### Need for More POIs
- More POIs are needed to avoid repetition, as there are currently just over 30.
- If a room has an average of six POIs, players will see all POIs after visiting 5 rooms.
- POIs are quick and easy to build, so everyone is encouraged to contribute.

### Building Guidelines and Themes
- There are 18 rooms being built/finished
- Builders can use the same style or theme for multiple POIs, as demonstrated by the ocean temple example.
- Templates for theme generation are available to create more themes beyond just cave themes.

### Builder Mod and Cool Blocks
- The dev team has agreed to create a new mod to support builders.
- The mod will include existing additions and builder-requested features.
- These features will not be used in the real mod (WotR), so builders should not include them in their structures.
- The mod will include cool blocks and potentially builder glasses and a spawn piece command.

## == Values Thread ==
- There will be a values thread, separate from community polls, with one poll per value. 
- Polls should go live this weekend and will run for a week.
- Values will be presented as they are, and voters can choose: accepted, accepted with minor changes or not accepted.
- Values that fail the votes will be discussed for a week, followed by a new vote.
- New values can be added if they don't overlap with existing ones.
- Values will be open and interpretable as they are.

## == Feature to Feature Process ==
• A final poll will be opened alongside the discussion, with options: accepted, not accepted, accepted but needs fine-tuning, and not accepted needs big changes.
• The goal is to have the pitch to feature process in place.

## == Sky Block Demo ==
- A skybox demo was presented, showcasing a new sky block.
- The sky blocks don't break shaders, but doesn't work with them.
- Speaker is unsure how to change the images on the blocks.
- Village with these blocks at the top, creating the illusion of being under the sky.
- Various images on the blocks, including burning clouds, wildflower fields, a star map, moons, planets, a fish, catdog, pizza, and standard clouds.
- Suggest putting the blocks under a layer of barrier to prevent players from touching the sky.
- Suggestion: It would be cool if you could craft them in survival - There needs to be a way to toggle the imagery.

## == Q&A ==
- Renaming the repos and organization on GitHub might be difficult and have low priority due to potential URL changes.
