**Primary Agenda**
* Forum Threads Summarized on the wiki
    * Location: https://github.com/Dimension-Delvers/dimension-delvers-pack
    * Last Update timestamp 03Feb2025 17:30
      We consider everything before that summarized and grouped. If you notice anything is missing from the forum, please post below.

* Next general followup meetings like this should happen on weekends, to allow for more people to join
    * We were all aching to really get into it, Apologies for those unable to join.

**Additional Notes**
* **Minimum Viable Product (MVP)** is top priority. Developer was suggested to lead. @Xverion are you for leading an MVP discussion?
    * Determines what we will make first in order to have a playable mod
* **Project Moderators** will take the role of organizing and managing the chaos at least until the initial chaos gets under control. @iwolfking mentioned: @Xverion @DElyMyth @Harley and themself.
    * In uncontrolled discussions, they can break the discussion with a decision.
* **Topic Moderators** was suggested to take lead on various topics after an MVP is determined (or even before).
    * We summarized a lot of info, too much for 1 person
    * Will only moderate, has no decision power
    * Expert on the topic, knows all the pros and cons for each suggestion
    * Leads a meeting to flesh out before making decision
    * Topics include, but are not limited to: VaultGen, Gear Crafting, Lore, Multiplayer, Mods...
* **Name decision** necessary, until then Vaults / crystals
* Crystal charging requires an alternative than just flat items
* **Research and mods**
    * Everything available is overwhelming
    * Research blocks wanted items from being unnecessarily gatekept, like storage
    * Questbook as an alternative to research?
    * VH Coop Research needs tuning
    * No research but vaults/vault level open new mods (Req)
    * Restrict crafting, but not usage to make MP research useful (wolf)
* **More loot sources needed**
    * Chest tiers (jar => vessel => Chest)
    * Remove chest affinities, or reduce to one singular stat
* Andy would like to do proper User story mapping, I support the idea :p
* **Big Gear discussion**
    * Enchantments. (using it fully / allowing it, but separate vault system / blocking it) Some want to stay closer to Minecraft on this, enchants also allow mopre mod compat. But harder to balance for enchants.
    * For sure, remove the enchantment glint
    * Several good (and bad :p) crafting suggestions
    * Remove durability? (iwolfking supports, Zing has concerns on replacing gear)
    * Zing suggests some approaches to replace vanilla enchants that seem mandatory (unbreaking efficiency)
    * do no limit enchants that can be put on gear, but deactivate enchants in vaults (technically more difficult)
    * Really need to start work on this topic
* **Endgame** is very important and should be considered for MVP
    * Repeatable and enjoyable
    * Variety (more objectives and more unique objectives)
    * Should not just be about getting more and more overpowered gear
    * Just an End Boss speed fight is not fun
    * Bosses should have variety
* **Vaults leaking into Vanilla**
    * Improved beginner experience
    * Find level 0 gear in overworld chests
    * Level skips / content skips for experienced players
    * Trial vaults as tutorial vaults
    * Raw vaults could spawn in overworld
* **SkyBlock** delving should be treated as equal!!!
    * Some do not like to travel 5k blocks
    * teleportation system suggested for the travel issue
* **Multi block** altar / structures
    * Some persons were vocal about not liking multiblocks
* **FTBQuests** to replace the VH Quest book?
    * Why reinvent the wheel
    * Concerns about quality
    * Patrigan suggests the pages can look VERY unique with unique art and complex rules.
    * General Consensus seems to be VH quest book is not really great
* **Create** is not on 1.21
    * A lot of people really want create
    * Hopefully create will be there by the time MVP is done
    * Create's Ponder system would be good for newbies
* **Lore**
    * Should lore be vanilla MC adjacent (involving illagers or endermen)?
    * Or should we make it really unique, but risk not fitting with vanilla?
    * original VH God lore is lame and not really present.
* project Order should be
    * Codewise MVP => Lore and theme => proper art and expanding systems
* **MC Dungeons** can be a good example for a lot of stuff
    * Patrigan mentions having worked on Dungeons Suite mods, can probably convince them for models and resources
* **Transmogs**
    * Name under discussion for also being in Vaults. Considered too standard to change.
    * Launching with MC Dungeons armors gives great variety already
    * ZXMBIE showcase a cool armor model already (see art-chat)
    * Get armors from mods in the pack as well
* Some discussion on VH IP and stealing
    * General consensus: It is impossible to actually steal something by accident (even for Xverion if he copies code from head)
    * Malicious intent from our side is not ok and will not be tolerated
* **Wiki** as main source for documentation
    * Docs and discord until we have everything streamlined there
    * Needs a glossary page
* Many topics have 0 suggestions
    * Art
    * Endgame (scattered in between)
    * Vault Ores
    * ...