[Download the PDF version of Slidedeck](/other-files/meeting-notes/Wanderers-Weekly-Update-April-26-2025.pdf)
### Kudos & Recognition

- **dividesbyzero** – tremendous MVP work helping us get to launch  
- **MelancholicAdventurer** – work on hub world discussion and brainstorming

### Team Updates

- **GreatLakesGirl (GLG)** – introduced as experienced community leader and streamer  
- **New members** joined!  
- **Guilds poll** – 100% positive result  
- **Web dev poll** – currently reviewing results for next steps

### MVP Updates (with attackeight & Barry)

- **First upgrades to Rift drops:**  
  - Runegems (Pat)  
  - Socketable gear (Donoraffe)
- **More fleshed out Runegems:**  
  - Contributions by darkeghost
- **Inventory snapshot system:**  
  - Integrated by dividesbyzero  
  - Linked to main system to carry inventory over after death in rifts
- **Rift Key Upgrades:**  
  - Essence values implemented for all  
  - Rift theme determined by essence collected
- **General cleanup** and polish work underway

### Build Updates

- **Build event:**  
  - Scheduled for Monday, 4/28
- **POI reviews** ongoing
- **New Build Intro Channel** launched  
  - A starting point for new builders

### Brainstorming Updates

- **Brainstorming Summaries Ready:**  
  - Hub World and Loot brainstorming documented
- **Links to brainstorm threads:**  
  - Contributor ideas: [Contributor Forum](https://discord.com/channels/1328761294085554176/1356347864519016708)  
  - Loot brainstorming: [Loot Brainstorm](https://discord.com/channels/1328761294085554176/1365750740320260267)  
  - Hub brainstorming: [Hub Brainstorm](https://discord.com/channels/1328761294085554176/1365731914723360860)  
  - Vein miner brainstorming: [Vein Miner Thread](https://discord.com/channels/1328761294085554176/1363851791376187465)

- **MVP Release & Testing Topics:**  
  - Threads will open soon  
  - Access for testing, bug reporting, and feedback will follow

---

## Q&A

- **Will the community contribute to bug reporting and MVP distribution?** (maloki)  
  - Yes, but not quite yet. Community help will be requested once we are ready.

- **Should we open a new Discord?** (danymaddox)  
  - It’s under discussion. For now, the plan is to **convert this existing Discord** rather than create a new one.

---
