[Download the PDF version of Slidedeck](/other-files/meeting-notes/Wanderers-Weekly-Update-March-29-2025.pdf)
# Notes

## == Kudos and Recognition ==
- Kudos to everyone for great progress and happy 2 months! 
- Shoutout to build team for the wok on all the POIs and rooms (specifically shoutout to Sp3cialK). 
- Shoutouts to dev team for working on getting everything merged. 
- Shoutouts to iwolfking and Xverion for backend work (website). 

## == Summary and decisions ==
- Most values are accepted and will be added to CoC. 
- Monetary involvement we will have a discussion about in order to refine polling options and come up with new thoughts then send out new poll. 
- Pitch to Feature - accepted at 97%
- POI depth poll - still open so please add your votes. 
- Art specific poll for animation tool - Gecko vs Vanilla
- Upcoming Polls: 
  - Monetary poll after discussion as mentioned above.
  - Themes: Ideas so far are kindof, Fabric/Cloth/Weaving, and no singular unifying theme.

## == MVP Updates == 
- Main work on MVP is finalizing of PoC and implementing it to main branch so we have a MVP that can run. 
- Rift key forge, structure generation performance improvements, Skybox blocks, Abilities, Rune Anvil, Dimension Gen improvements, 3d map, Spawnpiece command. 
- Rune anvil block is broken but working on fix. 
- Lootbox item added for a way to get runegems. 
- Dimension generates really slow right now we are working on improving it. 

### == Build Updates ==
- Awesome work on all the new POIs largely from Sp3cialK. 
- We also added some more rooms. 

### == Demos ==
- Rift walkthrough of some rooms was shown. 
- Updates on the skybox blocks, 10 added “skies” that can be used, and also ability for custom “Skies” to be added. 

## == Q&A ==
- Updates about build: Check out mdBook or ask in build chat. 
- Time for future meetings: Maybe is changing because of daylight saving. Please check in the upcoming events as that will show you in your local time. 
